README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋

I'm a computational linguist and software developer.
Most of my work so far has been in Python, with a focus on Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning.
I'm trying to move away from that!

## 😄 Pronouns

I use they/them pronouns! In German you can use any that are not male or female gendered. Check out my [pronouns.page](https://de.pronouns.page/@LexiBlesius) for more details or languages!

[![roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh/card/tall/6689a257501413692baa15eb?variant=dark&roadmaps=python%2Crust)](https://roadmap.sh)

<!--
**Ablesius/Ablesius** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

## 🔭 I’m currently working on ...

Not anything paid at least, since I'm currently unemployed. Looking to work with me? Send me a mail at `my_first_name<at>my_last_name.eu`!
My most recent project is [vampire-charact-rs](https://github.com/Ablesius/vampire-charact-rs), a character sheet manager for Vampire: The Masquerade.


<!-- ## 🌱 I’m currently learning ... -->

Commit message:

feat: Add 'currently learning' section

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋

I'm a computational linguist and software developer.
Most of my work so far has been in Python, with a focus on Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning.
I'm trying to move away from that!

## 😄 Pronouns

I use they/them pronouns! In German you can use any that are not male or female gendered. Check out my [pronouns.page](https://de.pronouns.page/@LexiBlesius) for more details or languages!

[![roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh/card/tall/6689a257501413692baa15eb?variant=dark&roadmaps=python%2Crust)](https://roadmap.sh)

<!--
**Ablesius/Ablesius** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

## 🔭 I’m currently working on ...

Not anything paid at least, since I'm currently unemployed. Looking to work with me? Send me a mail at `my_first_name<at>my_last_name.eu`!
My most recent project is [vampire-charact-rs](https://github.com/Ablesius/vampire-charact-rs), a character sheet manager for Vampire: The Masquerade.

## 🌱 I’m currently learning ...

Mostly Rust, but also some web development basics.
I want to learn to create a web UI for my character manager!
